menu "Supplicant"

    config WPA_MBEDTLS_CRYPTO
        bool "Use MbedTLS crypto API's"
        default y
        help
            Select this option to use MbedTLS crypto API's which utilize hardware acceleration.

    config WPA_WAPI_PSK
        bool "Enable WAPI PSK support"
        default n
        help
            Select this option to enable WAPI-PSK
            which is a Chinese National Standard Encryption for Wireless LANs (GB 15629.11-2003).

    config WPA_DEBUG_PRINT
        bool "Print debug messages from WPA Supplicant"
        default n
        help
            Select this option to print logging information from WPA supplicant,
            this includes handshake information and key hex dumps depending
            on the project logging level.

            Enabling this could increase the build size ~60kb
            depending on the project logging level.

    config WPA_TESTING_OPTIONS
        bool "Add DPP testing code"
        default n
        help
            Select this to enable unity test for DPP.

    config WPA_WPS_WARS
        bool "Add WPS Inter operatability Fixes"
        default n
        help
            Select this option to enable WPS related IOT fixes with
            different APs. This option fixes IOT related issues with
            APs which do not follow some of the standards of WPS-2.0
            specification. These do not include any of the security
            related bypassing, just simple configuration corrections.

            Current fixes under this flag.
            1. Allow NULL-padded WPS attributes: Some APs keep NULL-padding
            at the end of some variable length WPS Attributes.
            This is not as par the WPS2.0 specs, but to avoid interop issues,
            ignore the padding by reducing the attribute length by 1.
            2. Bypass WPS-Config method validation: Some APs set display/pbc
            button bit without setting virtual/phycial display/button bit which
            will cause M2 validation fail, bypassing WPS-Config method validation.

    menuconfig WPA_11KV_SUPPORT
        bool "Enable 802.11k, 802.11v APIs handling in supplicant"
        default n
        help
            Select this option to enable 802.11k 802.11v APIs(RRM and BTM support).
            Only APIs which are helpful for network assisted roaming
            are supported for now.
            Enable this option with BTM and RRM enabled in sta config
            to make device ready for network assisted roaming.
            BTM: BSS transition management enables an AP to request a station to transition
            to a specific AP, or to indicate to a station a set of preferred APs.
            RRM: Radio measurements enable STAs to understand the radio environment,
            it enables STAs to observe and gather data on radio link performance
            and on the radio environment. Current implementation adds beacon report,
            link measurement, neighbor report.

    if WPA_11KV_SUPPORT
        config WPA_SCAN_CACHE
            bool "Keep scan results in cache"
            default n
            help
                Keep scan results in cache, if not enabled, those
                will be flushed immediately.
    endif
endmenu
